Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/query/time-formats.md

# Time formats

> Timestamp fields should be one of the standard Javascript date format as specified [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date/Date).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timestamp fields should be one of the standard JavaScript date format as specified int the [MDN Date documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date/Date).
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/153843/92720934-3d0d2080-f35d-11ea-93e3-c1ff46d4ea59.png#center)

> For example, the below list has different valid timestamp formats. Your time field can be one of this format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following list has different valid timestamp formats. Your time field can be one of this format:
```
